TO DO FOR THE APP
✅ 1.  Issues: Update the Issues to pull them from the DB instead of static issues
✅ 2.  Issues: keep all issue interraction on the Issues page
✅ 3.  APP: Add Project CRUD to the app
✅ 4.  Side Panel: Update the side panel to highlight the page that is active
✅ 5.  Profile: Add Update Password logic to the app
✅ 6.  Profile: Add project Cards in th projects tab of the user profile
✅ 7.  Profile: Implement a Forgot Password functionality in the app
✅ 8.  Activities: Don't filter on projects. Only activities for the default project needs to be available
9.  Activities: Filter on Type and Start Date
✅ 10. Activities: Fix the equipment list - if there are assets with the same tag on a project it can't choose between/among them.
11. Activities: Add pagination to this page.Need a LIST view for activities.
✅ 12. Lists: All table sorting need to persist for the session
✅ 13. Lists: Pagination per page selections need to persist for the session
✅ 14. Spaces: All locations need to be displayed as breadcrumbed heirarchy
✅ 15. Equipment: Need to investigate why equipment list is being filtered when there is no filter
16. Equipment: Add charting in the equipment module to track progress. Maybe a colapsible panel that shows charts and percentage counst for equipment, checklists, and functional tests.
17. Equipment: Photo/File Upload tabs should be able to upload multiple files at once but feature not working. Need to fix.
18. Equipment: Need to add feature to bulk edit equipment. Maybe select what fields to be affected and checkbox selection of equipment.
19. Equipment: Reporting - need a Report component where we can select what fields/tabs to include and in what order.
20. Issues: In the Issues list, need to add equipment column (maybe an add column option)
21. Issues: In the reports the logos in the header are distorted. They need to keep their aspect ratio.
22. Tagging: Need to add a tagging feature throughout the app to help finding information/data quickly.
23. Documentation: We need to add a robust documentation and FAQ module for the app. It should cover that app and Cx very well.
24. Logging: Finish the logging features of the app and make it one that loggs everything for transparency and research.
25. Tasks: Fix the gantt feature so that we have a good working gantt chart for each app.
26. Tasks: The app needs the ability to tie a task to an activity in a 1:1 relationship. A completed Activity will mark the task as complete.
✅ 27: Tasks: Update the Dashboard with Tasks information.
28. Tasks: Include an attactive calendar view for tasks.
29. Tasks: Export tasks to xlsx, csv, xml, mpp, and pdf files.
30. Email: Build out the email functionality to include emails for industry typical actions.
31. Email: Create an Email module where the app can create/modify email templates for the different emails.
✅ 32. Stripe: Update the implementation so that it is accurate and complete for what is needed for the project subscriptions.
✅ 32: Stripe: Add a transactions tab for each project to view all the past transactions on that particular project. More description when we start this task.
33. Stripe: Add live account with features-based subscriptions, coupons, and discounts.
34. Admin: build out the admin pages more. Give super/global admins window into projects and billing using consent token/key
✅ 35. Administration: All new users get a "user" role on registration - admin role is granted by global/super admins only. Project-based roles are separate.
36. Administration: Setup email/smtp service on Azure.
37. Administration: Purchase a domain name for cx-manager.com and tie it to the app.
38. Administration: Create a Cx Manager entity for legal compliance.
39. Bug Fix: When Issues are created from within an equipment it is placing the equipment tag in the location field and vice versa. Need to fix.
✅ 40. Bug Fix: When entering Edit pages we need to show a spinner while the page loads.
✅ 41. Bug Fix: Cannot upload photos in the IssueEdit.vue Photos tab.
✅ 42. Templates: Add the ability to upload templates from a csv or an xslx file.
43. App: Fix ghosting when a modal is open
✅ 44. App: Allow the main area to scroll while leaving the sidebar as is (stationary).
45. App: Add footer at bottom of page.
✅ 46. Tasks: Remove Gantt feature for now. We can come back to it in a later version of the app.
✅ 47. Tasks: Collapse All needs to show at least one task.
✅ 48. Tasks: Opt-out of auto cost needs to be added to each task.
49. Tasks: Add an optional Travel section to each task that helps to calculate travel cost of a task if needed.
50. Tasks: Make this task list into a component and then Use it for other features such as LEED/Fundamental/Enhanced Cx Tasks, Project Tracking, and Proposals
✅ 51. Admin: Enable Features based on subscription level
52. Admin: Offload photo and files from the server to an S3 bucket or Azure equivalent.
53. Mobile App: Start investigating what it would take to spinup a mobile app from this web app.
54. Desktop App: Start investigating what it would take to spinup a desktop app from this web app.
55. AI: Post-MVP, add blueprint/PDF ingestion flow that reads uploaded drawings and proposes draft Spaces/Equipment lists for user review.
56. Bug Fix: Dropdown lists are white text on white background. Needs to be fixed throughout the app.
